# HCI-Project

Introduction  

As the goal of this module, all students were first informed about redesigning a less arranged website according to UI/UX principles. Students were initially informed to identify the useability issues as the first step until the high-fidelity prototype design. Students then interviewed stakeholders and usability issues were collected through these contextual inquiries. All usability issues were ranked as high, medium, or low according to priority, comparing what the student identified with what the stakeholder described. This gave students a better understanding of what to remove and what to add to their existing site. In the second stage, students were required to design at least three user interfaces using their chosen tool under low-fidelity prototyping. 'Mockflow' was chosen to design the sketches for the “Boompeek” website because it is easier to use than hand-drawing. There, 2 sketches should be designed for each user interface and after preferred ideation techniques, the better design was selected. Each member of the group helped each other in choosing the best designs, giving reasons for each sketch. To overcome the problems of the previous step, in the last step the students were instructed to redesign all their sketches using graphical tools. It was the first time creating a website without programming concepts, so it was a new experience for almost every student. For simplicity, the student did not have to create all but one of her CRUD functions. The Figma graphics tool was chosen because there were so many video tutorials I could refer to for innovative ideas. When redesigning the Boompeek website, the group members' idea was to change the colors and content of the website without harming the original website. The old logo changed the look of the site, so we redesigned the logo in an equivalent way as before. Everything else was very perfectly designed according to the creativity of the group members. In the last step, we tested test cases to see if all the features worked properly. This project was a valuable experience for all students to learn about UI/UX designs. This final report mentions procedures and blueprints for how Team Direx's efforts are being made. 

Figma File Link - https://www.figma.com/files/recent?fuid=1162460160707310636

Final Report Link - https://mysliit-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/it20060930_my_sliit_lk/EQubhNk-ZxRFkqpOL-HsoeIBXncBlKSeDqIjiZDjQV_pqA?e=TBGNDM
